doc/shaders/shader_usage.md, before:

# Shader Principle in Unity

All this explanation was mainlky made out of two explanations, which are the first and second ressources in Lexicography.

## What is a shader?
> A shader is a mathematical function, which will usually transform an input into an output.<br />
> Shaders are usually used to calculate skin alteration, or realistic lightning.
> It is executed on GPU, which will allows us to do heavy multithreading, and light up the CPU workcharge.

## What's the principle of execution?
> As said before, the purpose of shaders is to do the quickest as possible transformation on a large scale of elements.<br />
> To do so, the CPU will call a certain number of ThreadGroup, which will consist in Threads.<br />
> Each thread in ThreadGroup will be called in parrallel, so will be given to GPU at once by a call of CPU.
> GPU will then call the threads.<br />
> All threads will execute the transformation to one element.

## What's the difference between pixel shader and compute shader?
> pixel shader ends with .shader extension in Unity<br />
> compute shader ends with .compute extension in Unity<br />
> <br />
> This specific part is a summary of the fourth and fifth ressources in lexicography.<br />
> As said before, the threads of shader are executed in parrallels, in wave.<br />
> In compute shader, you can specify the size of a threadgroup, up to 1024, in "Shader Model 5". This allow to have the minimum group, avoiding CPU usage, slower.<br />
> Pixel shader can't specify the size of threadgroup, it's automatic, so the coincident pixel have the guarantee
> to be in the same group. This will have to effect to write data in a precise part of memory during a wave,
> allowing cache optimisation to come into place.<br />
> One specification of pixel are that they are specifically designed to display texturing render, justifying the pixel order in thread.
> Moreover, this specification comes with some downsides: it comes with the graphics pipeline render, which take some time.
> If you don't need to display the changes, it will be a waste of time.<br />
> Compute shader are more general, and don't come as part of the graphic pipeline. The downside is that you'll have to 
> display result by yourself.

## ThreadGroups / WorkGroups, Threading Index
> ThreadGroups will be activated by the CPU, sending it to the GPU, will take care of threads inside.<br />
> As a reminder, in the "Shader Model 5", the threadgroup can countains up to 1024 threads<br />
> When working in 3D, they can be seen as 3D vector, to simplify ; like here : [numthreads(8,8,2)]. There is 8 * 8 * 4 = 256 threads
> in a group.

## Lexicography
> 1.  https://medium.com/@simonalbou/lusage-de-compute-shaders-sur-unity-un-gain-de-performance-violent-54c1b0f72698
> 2.  https://polycoding.net/compute-shaders-unity
> 3.  https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/class-ComputeShader.html
> 4.  https://computergraphics.stackexchange.com/questions/54/when-is-a-compute-shader-more-efficient-than-a-pixel-shader-for-image-filtering/60#60
> 5.  https://blog.chirag.io/compute-shaders-and-you/

Commit message:

add reflexion to implement the painting procedure. Now PaintTextureOf will also take the size of the circle to paint, as well as color to be paint in. Removed ShaderInvoker, which is not used anymore, replaced by ShaderUtility. The rectangle painted is now centered on the raycast hit

doc/shaders/shader_usage.md, after:

# Shader Principle in Unity

All this explanation was mainlky made out of two explanations, which are the first and second ressources in Lexicography.

## What is a shader?
> A shader is a mathematical function, which will usually transform an input into an output.<br />
> Shaders are usually used to calculate skin alteration, or realistic lightning.
> It is executed on GPU, which will allows us to do heavy multithreading, and light up the CPU workcharge.

## What's the principle of execution?
> As said before, the purpose of shaders is to do the quickest as possible transformation on a large scale of elements.<br />
> To do so, the CPU will call a certain number of ThreadGroup, which will consist in Threads.<br />
> Each thread in ThreadGroup will be called in parrallel, so will be given to GPU at once by a call of CPU.
> GPU will then call the threads.<br />
> All threads will execute the transformation to one element.

## What's the difference between pixel shader (fragment shader) and compute shader?
> pixel shader ends with .shader extension in Unity<br />
> compute shader ends with .compute extension in Unity<br />
> <br />
> This specific part is a summary of the fourth and fifth ressources in lexicography.<br />
> As said before, the threads of shader are executed in parrallels, in wave.<br />
> In compute shader, you can specify the size of a threadgroup, up to 1024, in "Shader Model 5". This allow to have the
> minimum group, avoiding CPU usage, slower.<br />
> Pixel shader, or Fragment Shader as specified by OpenGL, can't specify the size of threadgroup, it's automatic,
> so the coincident pixel have the guarantee to be in the same group. This will have to effect to write data in a
> precise part of memory during a wave, allowing cache optimisation to come into place.<br />
> Pixel Shader are part of the standard rendering pipeline, and is the last one to take place, to determine pixels color.
> Moreover, this specification comes with some downsides: you always have to transform all pixels, with one thread for each one<br />
> Compute shader are more general, and don't come as part of the graphic pipeline. The downside is that you'll have to
> display result by yourself.<br /><br />
> Another big advantage, in our case, of the compute shader over the pixel shader, is that we can launch a certain number
> of threads. For painting purpose, where only a localized pixels will be updated, we can launch a minimum of threads.

## ThreadGroups / WorkGroups, Threading Index
> ThreadGroups will be activated by the CPU, sending it to the GPU, will take care of threads inside.<br />
> As a reminder, in the "Shader Model 5", the threadgroup can countains up to 1024 threads<br />
> When working in 3D, they can be seen as 3D vector, to simplify ; like here : [numthreads(8,8,2)].
> There is 8 * 8 * 4 = 256 threads in a group.

## Lexicography
> 1.  https://medium.com/@simonalbou/lusage-de-compute-shaders-sur-unity-un-gain-de-performance-violent-54c1b0f72698
> 2.  https://polycoding.net/compute-shaders-unity
> 3.  https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/class-ComputeShader.html
> 4.  https://computergraphics.stackexchange.com/questions/54/when-is-a-compute-shader-more-efficient-than-a-pixel-shader-for-image-filtering/60#60
> 5.  https://blog.chirag.io/compute-shaders-and-you/
> 6.  https://igm.univ-mlv.fr/~lnoel/teaching/opengl/tds/td4.php
